BACKGROUND
Okta receives lists of breached credentials from third parties and compares your user's credentials to this list.
If your user's credentials appear in a list, Okta notifies you by recording the security.breached_credential.detected event in the System Log
By default, Okta expires the user's credentials and requires the user to reset their password the next time they attempt to sign in with their username and password. The user is blocked from signing in again with their credentials until they change their password.

WORKFLOW PROCESS OVERVIEW.
1. A breached credential event occurs.
2. A Slack thread and help ticket are created.
3. Previous session start events (for the end user) are documented and reported.
4. Monitor for the next end user password change.

PROCESS AND REMEDIATION DETAILS.
1. A breached credential event occurs and triggers the API endpoint.
2. The workflows will get the details of the event and...
  a. Send a Slack message to the #team-security channel. 
	b. Create a help ticket for the end user password change.
3. The IT team member on support shift should take responsibility for assisting the end user.
	a. Confirm in the Slack thread (:looking: emoji) that you are taking this on and assign the ticket to yourself.
	b. Proactively make contact with the end user. 
	c. Check the end user calendar and Slack status for OOO. 
5. The workflows will start a process to check every minute if the password is changed by the end user.
	a. When the password is changed the Slack thread is updated.
7. The workflows will report recent Okta login history for the end user.
	a. Update the Slack thread with a URL for an Okta log search by eventType, actor.id, start and end time where the eventType is user.session.start. For Okta admins.
	b. Create a csv file of the session start events and send it to the Slack thread. For folks who are not Okta admins.
8. The team should examine the data for suspicious logins and communicate the findings in the Slack thread.
9. The next steps will likely need to be decided in the moment and are dependent on the findings and the end user password change.

